Prepare 2.0 release (#629)
Polidea/react-native-ble-plx: README.md

Contact us at [Gitter](https://gitter.im/RxBLELibraries/react-native-ble) if you have any questions, feedback or want to help!

## Configuration & Installation

### Expo

1. Make sure your Expo project is ejected (formerly: detached). You can read how to do it [here](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/expokit/eject/) and [here](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/expokit/expokit). (only for expo)
2. Follow steps for iOS/Android.

### iOS ([example setup](https://github.com/Cierpliwy/SensorTag))

1. `npm install --save react-native-ble-plx`
2. `npx react-native link react-native-ble-plx`
3. Open Xcode workspace located inside `ios` folder and add empty Swift file if you don't have at least one:
   - Select File/New/File...
   - Choose Swift file and click Next.
   - Name it however you want, select your application target and create it.
   - Accept to create Objective-C bridging header.
4. Update your `ios/Podfile` to contain (it may be already there):
   ```
   pod 'react-native-ble-plx', :path => '../node_modules/react-native-ble-plx'
   ```
5. Enter `ios` folder and run `pod update`

> 6. Minimal supported version of iOS is 8.0

Reviewer: I wonder whether it should be either as a prerequisite even before the first point or at the top of the readme? On the other hand Android integration needs to set `minSdkVersion = 18` which is a valid step. Here it looks like a prerequisite. Maybe make it:
```suggestion
6. Make sure minimal version of iOS is at least 8.0
```

Author: I'll check if it's even possible to compile RN project with iOS version less then 8.0.

Reviewer: [It appears that RN is iOS > 10](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42200831/which-version-does-react-native-support-ios-and-android)

Author: Let's remove it then...

Author: Updated @dariuszseweryn

   pod 'react-native-ble-plx', :path => '../node_modules/react-native-ble-plx'
   ```
5. Enter `ios` folder and run `pod update`

> 6. Add `NSBluetoothAlwaysUsageDescription` in `info.plist` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Add `NSBluetoothAlwaysUsageDescription` in `info.plist` file. (it is a requirement since iOS 13)
```
